SOLID Principles

S - Single Responsibility Principle (SRP):
A class should have only one reason to change, meaning it should have a single job or responsibility.
Each class should focus on a single functionality or concern.

O - Open-Closed Principle (OCP):
Software entities (classes, modules, functions) should be open for extension but closed for modification.
You should be able to add new functionality without changing existing code.

L - Liskov Substitution Principle (LSP):
Objects of a superclass should be replaceable with objects of a subclass without breaking the application.
Derived classes must be substitutable for their base classes.
Example: If you have a Bird class, any subclass like Duck or Eagle should work wherever Bird is expected.

I - Interface Segregation Principle (ISP):
Clients should not be forced to depend upon interfaces they do not use.
Many specific interfaces are better than one general-purpose interface.
Example:A violation occurs with a single Worker interface having methods like eat(), work(), and clean()
when some implementers, like a RobotWorker, cannot perform all actions. Adherence involves creating 
separate interfaces like Eater, Worker, and Cleaner

D - Dependency Inversion Principle (DIP):
High-level modules should not depend on low-level modules. Both should depend on abstractions.
Abstractions should not depend on details. Details should depend on abstractions.


Design Principles

    1. Take the parts that vary and encapsulate them, so that later you can alter or extend the parts that vary
	    without affecting those that don't.
    2. Program to an interface, not an implementation.
    3. Favor composition over inheritance.
        When behavior is inherited by subclasses, that behavior is set statically at compile time. In addition,
        all subclasses must inherit the same behavior. If however, behavior is extended through composition,
        then that behavior is not set statically at compile time: it can be extended dynamically at run-time by
        adding new behavior as needed by using objects that implement the appropriate behavior interface.
        Use composition for has-a, can-do relation or if you need runtime flexibility.
    4. Strive for loosely coupled designs between objects that interact.
        a. HAS-A is better than IS-A relationship.
        b. In Observer pattern subject and observers are loosely coupled.
    5. Classes should be open for extension, but closed for modification.
       Classes should be easily extendable to incorporate new behavior without modifying existing code, and
       that new classes that add functionality should not require changes to existing classes.
    6. Dependency Inversion Principle: Depend on abstractions. Do not depend on
       concrete classes
        a. High-level modules should not depend on low-level modules. Both should
        depend on abstractions.
        b. Abstractions should not depend on details. Details should depend on abstractions.

       Guidelines that helps to avoid violation of Dependency Inversion Principle
        a. No variable should hold a reference to a concrete class.
           If you use new, you'll be holding a reference to a concrete class.
           Use a factory to get around that.
        b. No class should derive from a concrete class.
           If you derive from a concrete class, you are depending on a concrete class.
           Derive from an abstraction, like an interface or an abstract class.
        c. No method should override an implemented method of any of its base classes.
           If you override an implemented method,then your class won't be really an
           abstraction to start with. Those methods implemented in the base class are
           meant to be share by all your subclasses.
